c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator.pdb
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\obj\Debug\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\obj\Debug\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator.dll
c:\users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\obj\Debug\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator.pdb
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.dll
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.Net4.dll
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.pdb
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.xml
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.Net4.pdb
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.Web.dll
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.Web.pdb
C:\Users\knguyen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\AngularJS.Cab.Fare.Calculator\bin\StructureMap.Web.xml
